release notes for v0.10.1-alpha (#1009)
spiceai/spiceai: docs/release_notes/v0.10.1-alpha.md

# Spice v0.10.1-alpha (Apr 1, 2024)

> The v0.10.1 focused on stability, bug fixes, and usability by improving error messages when using sqlite accelerators, improving the PostgreSQL support, and adding a basic reference Helm chart.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The v0.10.1-alpha release focuses on stability, bug fixes, and usability by improving error messages when using SQLite data accelerators, improving the PostgreSQL support, and adding a basic Helm chart.
```
